Automatically translated by machine.
Morning!
Today I'll show you how my hair in a basic
hime pouf.
This is the style I do most often.
Brush our your hair.
Mine was a bit dirty so I added a little scented
talcum powder.
My version of this style is by no means the
best of only way to achieve this style but
it's what works the best for me.
Take a small section of hair starting at the
top of your ears and moving up to the top
of your head.
Clip it out of the way and too the side.
For this version you will need a rat" basically
that is something squishy in the same you
want your hair to be.
Mine is a bandana wrapped in a hair extension.
Pin it to the top of your head behind the
section of hair you clipped out of the way.
I am using a darker colour so you can see
what I'm doing.
Pin it at the front, back and both sides so
it's really securely in place.
Now unclip the front section and brush it
out.
Divide it into 3 sections: left, middle, right.
Let the left and right sections go so you
are just holding the middle.
Using a teasing comb brush the section straight
forward and tease the back of it so it will
hold the shape better.
Lay it back over the rat and pin at the base.
Now spray it all over with hair spray and
smooth down.
use your fingers to fan it out so it covers
as much of the rat as possible.
Take a section from the right and brush it
upwards.
Tease the back with the comb and pull it up
the side and over to the opposite side.
Pin it at the base of the rat and also pin
it at the top of the rat so the curve stays
in place.
Repeat it on the other side too.
Pull the section up, brush through, tease,
pin top and base, spray and smooth.
If you are unhappy with the shape just squish
it until you like it and spray again.
To blend the bump to the bottom hair a bit
more just grab a section from the side, tease
and pin at the back.
Of course, spray it in place too.
Repeat on the other side and you're almost
finished.
That's the basic bump almost done.
From the back you can see there are a few
gaps where the rat can still be seen.
just fan out the hair with your fingers to
cover them and spray.
If you use a rat the same colour as your hair
it doesn't matter as much.
Time to curl the rest of it.
I use a mini straightener for the curls.
Don't forget the bits pinned at the back too.
Add some accessories front and back and you're
finished!
I like to use long ribbons on the back so
it looks more impressive.
If you feel your hair isn't big enough you
can tease thr roots for some extra volume.
I live by the motto that there's no such thing
as too much hairspray.
So now you're all made up you just need somewhere
fun to go and show it all off.
I hope this was a useful video, please check
out the blog post linked in the description
for more information and tutorials.
Thanks so much for watching.
Bye!